1. Prowler

[Steve Harris]



Walking through the city, looking oh so pretty,

I've just got to find my way.

See the ladies flashing. All their legs and lashes.

I've just got to find my way.



Well you see me crawling through the bushes with it open wide.

What you seeing girl?

Can't you believe that feeling, can't you believe it,

Can't you believe your eyes?

It's the real thing girl.



Got me feeling myself and reeling around,

Got me talking but feel like walking around.

Got me feeling myself and reeling a...

Got me talking but nothing's with me...

Got me feeling myself and reeling around.




2. Sanctuary

[Harris / Murray/ Di'Anno]



Out of winter came a warhorse of steel

I've never killed a woman before

But I know how it feels

I know you'd have gone insane

If you saw what I saw

So now I've got to look for

Sanctuary from the law



I met up with a stranger last night

To keep me alive

He spends all his money on gambling

And guns to survive

I know you'd have gone insane if you saw what I saw

So now I've got to look for Sanctuary from the law



[CHORUS]

So give me Sanctuary from the law

And I'll be alright

Just give me Sanctuary from the law

And love me tonight...tonight



I know you'd have gone insane if you saw what I saw

So now I've got to look for Sanctuary from the law



[CHORUS]



I can laugh at the wind

I can howl at the rain

Down in the canyon or out on the plains



I know you'd have gone insane if you saw what I saw

So now I've got to look for Sanctuary from the law



[CHORUS]




3. Remember Tomorrow

[Steve Harris and Paul Di'anno]



Unchain the colours before my eyes,

Yesterday's sorrows, tomorrow's white lies.

Scan the horizon, the clouds take me higher,

I shall return from out of fire.



Tears for rememberance, and tears for joy,

Tears for somebody and this lonely boy.

Out in the madness, the all seeing eye,

Flickers above us, to light up the sky.



Unchain the colours before my eyes,

Yesterday's sorrows, tomorrow's white lies.

Scan the horizon, the clouds take me higher,

I shall return from out of fire.




4. Running Free

[Steve Harris and Paul Di'anno]



Just sixteen, a pickup truck, out of money, out of luck.

I've got nowhere to call my own, hit the gas, and here I go.



[Chorus]

I'm running free yeah, I'm running free.

I'm running free yeah, Oh I'm running free.



Spent the night in an L. A. jail, and listened to the sirens wail.

They ain't got a thing on me, I'm running wild, I'm running free.



[Chorus]



Puller here at the Bottle Top, whiskey, dancing, disco hop.

Now all the boys are after me, and that's the way it's gonna be



[Chorus]




5. Phantom Of The Opera

[Steve Harris]



I've been looking so long for you now you won't get away from my grasp.

You've been living so long in hiding in hiding behind that false mask.

And you know and I know that you ain't got long now to last.

Your looks and your feelings are just the remains of your past.



You're standing in the wings, there you wait for the curtain to fall.

Knowing the terror and holding you have on us all.

Yeah, I know that you're gonna scratch me, maim me and maul.

You know I'm helpless from your mesmerising cat call.



Keep your distance, walk away, don't take his bait.

Don't you stray, don't fade away.

Watch your step, he's out to get you, come what may.

Don't you stray, from the narrow way.



I'm running and hiding in my dreams you're always there.

You're the Phantom of the Opera, you're the devil, you're just out to scare.

You damaged my mind and my soul it just floats through the air.

Haunt me, you taunt me, you torture me back at your lair.




6. Transylvania

[Instrumental]




7. Strange World

[Steve Harris]



The only place where you can dream, living here is not what it seems.

Ship of white light in the sky, nobody there to reason why.

Here I am, I'm not really there, smiling faces ever so rare.

A let's walk in deepest space, living here just isn't the place.



Stalks of light come from the ground, when I cry there isn't a sound.

All my feelings cannot be held, I'm happy in my new strange world.

Shades of green grasses twine, girls drinking plasma wine.

A look at love, a dream unfolds, living here, you'll never grow old.



Don't you hear me call? Ooh




8. Charlotte The Harlot

[Dave Murray]



Giving a swish with your arse in the air, don't you know what they're saying?

Charlotte you're so refined when you take all the love that they're giving.

Sticking with every man that you find, don't you know what they're after?

Charlotte you've got your legs in the air, don't you hear all the laughter?



[Chorus]

Charlotte the Harlot show me your legs,

Charlotte the Harlot take me to bed.

Charlotte the Harlot let me see blood,

Charlotte the Harlot let me see love.



Taking so many men to your room, don't you feel no remorse?

You charge them a "fiver", It's only for starters.

And ten for the main course.

And you've got no feelings, they died long ago.

Don't you care who you let in?

And don't you know you're breaking the law with the service you're giving.



[Chorus]



There was a time when you left me standing there,

Picking up pieces of love off the floor.

Well Charlotte you left me alone in there,

To make your ends as a bloody whore.

Well Charlotte you told me you love me true,

Picking up pieces of love yesterday.

Well Charlotte your draws are off color too

'Cause you're making love all day.



Giving a swish with your arse in the air, don't you know what they're saying?

Charlotte you're so refined when you take all the love that they're giving.

Sticking with every man that you find, don't you know what they're after?

Charlotte you've got your legs in the air, don't you hear all the laughter?



[Chorus]




9. Iron Maiden

[Paul Di'Anno]



Won't you come into my room, I wanna show you all my wares.

I just want to see your blood, I just want to stand and stare.

See the blood begin to flow as it falls upon the floor.

Iron Maiden can't be fought, Iron Maiden can't be sought.



[Chorus]

Oh Well, wherever, wherever you are,

Iron Maiden's gonna get you, no matter how far.

See the blood flow watching it shed up above my head.

Iron Maiden wants you for dead.



Won't you come into my room, I wanna show you all my wares.

I just want to see your blood, I just want to stand and stare.

See the blood begin to flow as it falls upon the floor.

Iron Maiden can't be fought, Iron Maiden can't be sought.






Thanks to igorvenancio96 for correcting tracks ## 1, 8 lyrics.

Thanks to thomas.suchan for correcting track #2 lyrics.

Thanks to unholy-kraken, robertbeckwith for correcting track #9 lyrics.
