1. Invaders

[Harris]



Longboats have been sighted the evidence of war has begun

Many Nordic fighting men their swords and shields all gleam in the sun

Call to arms defend yourselves get ready to stand and fight for your lives

Judgement day has come around so be prepared don't run stand your ground



They're coming in from the sea

they've come the enemy

beneath the blazing sun

the battle has to be won

Invaders ... Pillaging

Invaders ... Looting



Set ablaze the campfires alert the other men from inland

Warning must be given there's not enough men here for a stand

The Vikings are too many too powerful to take on our own

We must have reinforcements we cannot fight this battle alone



They're coming over the hill

they've come to attack

they're coming in for the kill

there's no turning back

Invaders ... Fighting

Invaders ... Marauding



Axes grind and maces clash as wounded fighters fall to the ground

Severed limbs and fatal woundings bloody corpses lay all around

The smell of death and burning flesh the battle weary fight to the end

The Saxons have been overpowered victims of the mighty Norsemen



You'd better scatter and run

the battle's lost and not won

you'd better get away

to fight another day

Invaders ... Raping

Invaders ... Plundering




2. Children Of The Damned

[Steve Harris]



He's walking like a small child

But watch his eyes burn you away

Black holes in his golden stare

God knows he wants to go home



Children of the damned

Children of the damned

Children of the damned

Children of the damned



He's walking like a dead man

If he had lived he would've crucified us all

Now he's standing on his last step

He thought oblivion, well, it beckons us all



Children of the damned

Children of the damned

Children of the damned

Children of the damned



Now it's burning his hands, he's turning to laugh

Smiles as the flame sears his flesh

Melting his face screaming in pain

Peeling the skin from his eyes

Watch him die according to plan

He's dust on the ground. What did we learn?



You're children of the damned

Your back's against the wall

You turn into the light

You're burning in the night

You're children of the damned



Like candles watch them burn

Burning in the light

You'll burn again tonight

Children of the damned




3. The Prisoner

[Steve Harris and Adrian Smith]



I'm on the run, I kill to eat

I'm starving now, feeling dead on my feet

Going all the way, I'm natures beast

Do what I want and do as I please



Run - Fight - To breathe - It's tough

Now you see me now you don't

Break the walls I'm coming out



Not a prisoner I'm a free man

And my blood is my own now

Don't care where the past was

I know where I'm going ...out!



If you kill me it's self defense

And if I kill ya' then I call it vengeance

Spit in your eye I will defy

You'll be afraid when I call out your name



Run - Fight - To breathe - It's gonna be tough

Now you see me now you don't

Break the walls I'm coming out



Not a prisoner I'm a free man

And my blood is my own now

Don't care where the past was

I know where I'm going



I'm not a number I'm a free man

Live my life where I want to

You'd better scratch me from your black book

Cause' I'll run rings around you




4. 22 Acacia Avenue

[Steve Harris and Adrian Smith]

[the continuing saga of Charlotte the Harlot]



If you're feeling down depressed and lonely

I know a place where we can go

22 Acacia Avenue meet a lady that I know

So if you're looking for a good time

And you're prepared to pay the price

Fifteen quid is all she asks for

Everybody's got their vice



If you're waiting for a long time for the rest to do their piece

You can tell her that you know me and you might even get it free

So any time you're down the East End don't you hesitate to go

You can take my honest word for it she'll teach you more than you can know



Charlotte can't you get out from all of this madness

Can't you see it only brings you sadness

When you entertain your men don't you know the risk of getting disease



Some day when you're reaching the age of forty

I bet you'll regret the days when you were laying

Nobody then will want to know

You won't have any beautiful wares to show any more



22 the avenue that's the place where we all go

You will find it's warm inside the red light's burning bright tonight



Charlotte isn't it time you stopped this mad life

Don't you ever think about the bad times

Why do you have to live this way

Do you enjoy your lay or is it the pay



Sometimes when you're strolling down the avenue

The way you walk it makes men think of having you

When you're walking down the street

Everybody stops and turns to stare at you



22 the avenue that's the place where we all go

You will find it's warm inside the red light's burning bright tonight



Beat her mistreat her do anything that you please

Bite her excite her make her get down on her knees

Abuse her misuse her she can take all that you've got

Caress her molest her she always does what you want



You're running away don't you know what you're doing

Can't you see it'll lead you to ruin

Charlotte you've taken your life and you've thrown it away

You believe that because what you're earning

Your life's good don't you know that you're hurting

All the people that love you don't cast them aside

All the men that are constantly drooling

It's no life for you stop all that screwing

You're packing your bags and you're coming with me




5. The Number Of The Beast

[Steve Harris]



"Woe to you, Oh Earth and Sea, for the Devil sends the

beast with wrath, because he knows the time is short...

Let him who hath understanding reckon the number of the

beast for it is a human number, its number is Six hundred and

sixty six."



I left alone my mind was blank

I needed time to think to get the memories from my mind



What did I see can I believe that what I saw

that night was real and not just fantasy



Just what I saw in my old dreams were they

reflections of my warped mind staring back at me



'Cos in my dream it's always there the evil face that twists my mind

and brings me to despair



The night was black was no use holding back

'Cos I just had to see was someone watching me

In the mist dark figures move and twist

Was this all for real or some kind of hell

666 the number of the beast

Hell and fire was spawned to be released



Torches blazed and sacred chants were praised

As they start to cry hands held to the sky

In the night the fires burning bright

The ritual has begun Satan's work is done

666 the number of the beast

Sacrifice is going on tonight



This can't go on I must inform the law

Can this still be real or just some crazy dream

But I feel drawn towards the evil chanting hordes

They seem to mesmerise me ... can't avoid their eyes

666 the number of the beast

666 the one for you and me



I'm coming back I will return

And I'll possess your body and I'll make you burn

I have the fire I have the force

I have the power to make my evil take it's course




6. Run To The Hills

[Steve Harris]



White man came across the sea

He brought us pain and misery

He killed our tribes, he killed our creed

He took our game for his own need



We fought him hard we fought him well

Out on the plains we gave him hell

But many came too much for Cree

Oh will we ever be set free?



Riding through dust clouds and barren wastes

Galloping hard on the plains

Chasing the redskins back to their holes

Fighting them at their own game

Murder for freedom's a stab in the back

Women and children the cowards attack



Run to the hills, run for your lives

Run to the hills, run for your lives



Soldier blue in the barren wastes

Hunting and killing's a game

Raping the women and wasting the men

The only good Indians are tame

Selling them whiskey and taking their gold

Enslaving the young and destroying the old



Run to the hills,

run for your lives.

Run to the hills,

run for your lives.



[Guitar solo]



Yeah oh ah!



Run to the hills,

run for your lives.

Run to the hills,

run for your lives.



Run to the hills,

run for your lives.

Run to the hills,

run for your lives.




7. Gangland

[Adrian Smith and Clive Burr]



Shadows may hide you but also may be your grave

You're running today maybe tomorrow you'll be saved

You pray for daylight to save you for a while

You wonder if your children will face the killer's smile



Dead men - tell no tales

In Gangland - murders up for sale

Dead men - tell no tales

In Gangland - where jail birds die



Face at the window leers into your own

But it's only your reflection still you tremble in your bones

How long can you hide? How long 'till they come?

A rat in a trap but you've got to survive



Once you were glad to be free for a while

The air tasted good and the world was your friend

Then came the day when the hard times began

Now you're alone but alive for how long?



Dead men - tell no tales

In Gangland - murders up for sale

Dead men - tell no tales

In Gangland - where jail birds die



A knife at your throat another body on the pile

A contract to keep and it's service with a smile

Murder for vengeance or murder for gain

Death on the streets or a blacked out jail



Dead men - tell no tales

In Gangland - murders up for sale

Dead men - tell no tales

In Gangland - where jail birds die



In Gangland you tell no tales




8. Total Eclipse

[Steve Harris, Dave Murray and Clive Burr]



Cold as steel the darkness waits its hour will come.

A cry of fear from our children worshipping the sun.

Mother natures' black revenge on those who wasted her life.

War babies in the garden of Eden,

Shall turn our ashes to ice.



Sunrise has gone, freezing up the fires.

Sunrise has gone, numbing our desires.



Around the world the people stop,

With terror stricken eyes.

A shadow cast upon them all,

To crush them like a fly.

In the icy rain and whiplashed seas,

There's nowhere left to run.

The hammer blows of winter fall like a hurricane.



Sunrise has gone, freezing up the fires.

Sunrise has gone, numbing our desires.



Around the world the nations wait,

For some wise word from their leading light.

You know it's not only madmen who listen to fools.

Is this the end, the millions cried,

Clutching their riches as they died.

Those who survive must weather the storm.



Gone are the days when man looked down.

They've taken away his sacred crown.

To be set free, it took so long.

It's not journey's end, it's just begun.




9. Hallowed Be Thy Name

[Harris]



I'm waiting in my cold cell when the bell begins to chime

Reflecting on my past life and it doesn't have much time

'Cause at 5 o'clock they take me to the gallows pole

The sands of time for me are running low



When the priest comes to read me the last rites

I take a look through the bars at the last sights

Of a world that has gone very wrong for me



Can it be that there's some sort of an error

Hard to stop the surmounting terror

Is it really the end not some crazy dream?



Somebody, please tell me that I'm dreaming

It's not easy to stop from screaming

But words escape me when I try to speak

Tears, they flow but why am I crying?

After all I am not afraid of dying

Don't I believe that there never is an end?



As the guards march me out to the courtyard

Somebody calls from a cell, "God be with you!"

If there's a god, why has he let me go?



As I walk all my life drifts before me

And though the end is near I'm not sorry

Catch my soul 'cause it's willing to fly away



Mark my words believe my soul lives on

Don't worry now that I have gone

I've gone beyond to seek the truth



When you know that your time is close at hand

Maybe then you'll begin to understand

Life down here is just a strange illusion



Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Hallowed be thy name

Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Hallowed be thy name






"Woe to you, Oh Earth and Sea, for the Devil sends the beast with wrath, because he knows the time is short...

Let him who hath understanding reckon the number of the beast for it is a human number, its number is six hundred and sixty six."

Revelations Ch. XIII v.18.



Bruce Dickinson: vocals;

Dave Murray: lead guitar;

Adrian Smith: lead guitar;

Steve Harris: bass guitar;

Clive Burr: drums.



Thanks to schoschi84 for sending track #8 lyrics.

Thanks to idesminazivceba for correcting these lyrics.

Thanks to vexedlucifer for correcting track #1 lyrics.

Thanks to DOH291986, loothers, semn007 for correcting track #2 lyrics.

Thanks to anarki70 for correcting track #3 lyrics.

Thanks to eternalus for correcting track #4 lyrics.

Thanks to weirdeyes54, brawlerboy42, marialindgren69 for correcting track #9 lyrics.
