1. Women In Uniform

Beehive hairdo, 45 on the hip

Patrolwoman Saunders, don't you give her no whip

Took me to the station for a breathtest

then back to the bedroom for some house-arrest



[CHORUS:]

Women in uniform, sometimes they look so cold

Women in uniform, but, Oh! They feel so warm

Coming back to London on a 747

Stewardess made me feel like I'm in heaven

Looking up the aisle to see what I could see

She leaned over said; Give it to me

White apron, brown leather shoes

The nurse at the clinic left my heart all bruised

Gave me a massage, sprained my right

Now she takes my temperature every night



[REPEAT CHORUS]



Women in uniform, Women in uniform

Women in uniform, Women in uniform

Commando raid on the Lebanese border

Sergeant Anita, she gives the order

Khaki jacket and a love gun

Baby, I surrender, let's have some fun



[REPEAT CHORUS]

[SOLO]

[REPEAT CHORUS]



Women in uniform, Women in uniform

Women in uniform, Women in uniform

Women in uniform, Khaki, white and blue

Women in uniform, coming after you

Women, women, Women in uniform

Women, women, Women in uniform



[REPEAT CHORUS (fading away)]




2. Invasion

[Harris]



The Vikings are coming

You'd better get ready for we're having a fight

The long boats are coming

They're looking like dragons in the dead of the night



Muster the men from all the villages

You'd better get ready to fight with your enemies



Beacons are burning

I'm giving the word to get ready to fight

The battle is nearing

You'd better get ready to fight for your lives



The Norsemen are coming

The Norsemen are coming

The warnings are given

The Norsemen are coming



Raping and pillaging

Robbing and looting the land



Viking raiders from afar




3. Phantom Of The Opera

[Steve Harris]



I've been looking so long for you now you won't get away from my grasp.

You've been living so long in hiding in hiding behind that false mask.

And you know and I know that you ain't got long now to last.

Your looks and your feelings are just the remains of your past.



You're standing in the wings, there you wait for the curtain to fall.

Knowing the terror and holding you have on us all.

Yeah, I know that you're gonna scratch me, maim me and maul.

You know I'm helpless from your mesmerising cat call.



Keep your distance, walk away, don't take his bait.

Don't you stray, don't fade away.

Watch your step, he's out to get you, come what may.

Don't you stray, from the narrow way.



I'm running and hiding in my dreams you're always there.

You're the Phantom of the Opera, you're the devil, you're just out to scare.

You damaged my mind and my soul it just floats through the air.

Haunt me, you taunt me, you torture me back at your lair.






Thanks to puma180 for sending track #1 lyrics.

Thanks to webmaster for sending track #2 lyrics.

Thanks to brooks.stacks for sending track #3 lyrics.

Thanks to fsptdave for correcting track #2 lyrics.
